Remove fetch-canonical-data-syncer scripts (#319)
exercism/dart: CONTRIBUTING.md

- All Exercism exercises must be defined in [problem-specifications](https://github.com/exercism/problem-specifications/tree/master/exercises) before they are implemented for a specific track. If your exercise is new, please submit a PR to [exercism/problem-specification](https://github.com/exercism/problem-specifications).

- Please make sure the new exercise conforms to specifications in the [exercism/problem-specifications](https://github.com/exercism/problem-specifications) repo.
  - Run `bin/fetch-configlet` to download configlet.

>   - Use `bin/configlet sync --exercise <slug-name-for-new-exercise> --mode -c` to see if any test cases are missing.
>     - Example `./bin/configlet sync --exercise armstrong-numbers --mode -c`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Use `bin/configlet sync --exercise <slug-name-for-new-exercise> --check` to see if any test cases are missing.
    - Example `./bin/configlet sync --exercise armstrong-numbers --check`
```
